Updated license articles (#333)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/general/license/what-is.md

## What is an AdGuard license

> A license is permission to use the AdGuard product, provided in accordance with the [End User License Agreement](https://adguard.com/eula.html). If bound to an email address, AdGuard licenses can be found in the user's [AdGuard account](https://my.adguard.com/).

Reviewer: артикль перед пермишн потерялся

- **1-year subscriptions** — these licenses are renewed automatically every year or can be extended manually
    - Personal — up to 3 devices
    - Family — up to 9 devices
- **Lifetime** — these licenses are not time-limited
    - Personal — up to 3 devices
    - Family — up to 9 devices

There are also licenses that the user can purchase from other sources or get for free:

- **Trial licenses** are free time-limited licenses that allow you to test the full functionality of the product
    - AdGuard for Windows — 14-day trial
    - AdGuard for Mac — 14-day trial
    - AdGuard for Android — 7-day trial
- **Distributor licenses** and **gifted licenses** can be both time-limited and non-time limited. Licenses with an expiration date can only be renewed manually
    - Personal — up to 3 devices
    - Family — up to 9 devices
- **The AdGuard Pro for iOS license** is purchased and managed through the App Store and can only be used on iOS and iPadOS devices with the same Apple ID

:::tip

To extend the device limit, you can [upgrade](../payment-options/#upgrade) your license.

:::

## How to use the AdGuard license

> To use your license on a device, log in to your AdGuard app using the email address associated with the license. If the license wasn't bound to your email address yet, you can do it in your [AdGuard account](https://my.adguard.com/). To do so, open the *Licenses* tab and click *Bind license*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use your license on a device, log in to your AdGuard app using the email address associated with the license. If the license hasn't been bound to your email address yet, you can do it in your [AdGuard account](https://my.adguard.com/). To do so, open the *Licenses* tab and click *Bind license*.
```
